---
layout: post
title: 2024-12-25 | Merry Wednesday
date: 2024-12-24
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Wharton Square, 23rd & Reed
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/4Nvo2XKHqRtTs9zu7
end_location: Lost Time Brewing Co., N. Front Street at Susquehanna
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/j47Ht2eekuj9xmJJ8
end_location_indoor_seating_only: true
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 6.4 miles, flat (+50 ft / -50 ft)
difficulty_description: Easier
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49315733
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49315733?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/1991638795
route_image: 2024-12-25_route.png
---

By popular demand, yes! We'll be riding on our regularly scheduled Wednesday this week, which happens to fall on Dec 25. Thanks to WNR regular Han for coming up with a route and leading, and to Jo for coordinating. If you have friends and family visiting for the holidays, feel free to invite them! We'll end at the recently opened Lost Time Brewing in East Kensington.

NOTE: Lost Time will not be serving food, so please prepare accordingly.

Social media news: we're on [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/wednightrides.org). This ride started on Twitter, but we left the platform in late 2022. The rapid-fire format was great for the rides, so we're looking forward to returning to a similar interface on Bluesky for easier real-time updates, engagement and chattiness. Follow along if that's your thing. Thanks to Frank I. for setting us up.

Special ride notes:

* After dark, PA law requires all bikes to have a headlight and a red tail light or reflector. Need lights for the winter? Hit up your local bike shop.

As usual, we'll ride according to our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride). Please follow these ride norms so everyone's on the same page, and we keep the ride safe and fun. We'd like to highlight:

Stop at lights. Please, please DO NOT block intersections contrary to the traffic light. Our group can be very large and extended, and holding traffic risks serious conflict. If the light turns red, please stop.

Roll past conflict. Whether it's angry motorists or unruly pedestrians, please do not engage with conflict and move on in a way that de-escalates the situation.

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join a Wednesday Night Ride, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

We're always looking for new ride leaders, volunteers, and organizers. If you'd like to get more involved, drop us a DM! We’re specifically looking to fill out our ride schedule for early 2025; if you’re interested in leading a ride, we’ll work with you to make it happen!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
