---
layout: post
title: 2024-01-10 | Tour de Wawa
date: 2024-01-09
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Wawa, 34th and Market
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/H8suuotkjxhCfeo16
end_location: Wawa, 6th and Chestnut
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/yu7MnzS7myLNTGtC9
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 6.2 miles, very flat (+129ft / -155ft)
difficulty_description: Easier
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/45306127
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/45306127.gpx?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/1411733663
route_image: 2024-01-10_route.png
---

For the first ride of the year, we are continuing with a WNR tradition established by Andrea Gonzalez, who was killed by a driver in October. Andrea was a beloved part of WNR and wanted to make sure we started each year in the Philliest way possible. So, please join us for the 3rd Annual Tour de Wawa. We’ll be using a slightly modified version of Andrea’s 2023 route and roll by five Wawas. We look forward to celebrating one of the many ways Andrea brought so much joy into our lives.

If you're new to our rides, we have rides of varying difficulty, categorized as "Easier" (less than 7 miles), "Standard" (7-10ish miles), and "Adventurous" (10mi+, or notable hills/off-road). This one is "Easier": it should be great for everyone, including beginners, families, and people who dislike turning their bicycles.

If you’ve never been on one of our rides or want a refresher on our ride practices, please read our [How We Ride guide](https://wednightrides.org/how-we-ride/). Specifically, we’d like to call attention to a couple of practices that are really important to how we do our rides to keep us all safe:
 
* Stop at red lights. This may be different from other group rides you have been on in the past—please DO NOT hold car traffic at intersections against the traffic light. If there’s a red light, we stop. Stick with a group big enough to hold the lane, and make friends while waiting for a green light. To avoid anxiety about getting separated, it’s helpful to have as many people as possible using turn-by-turn navigation with RideWithGPS or Komoot.
* Roll past conflict. Sadly, it’s almost inevitable we’ll encounter drivers who are unhappy their commute is interrupted by 30 seconds as a result of our ride. Do what makes sense to avoid and reduce conflict by pulling over, consolidating the group, or whatever makes sense in the situation. Do not swarm, block, or trap cars. Do not engage with aggressive car drivers.

With respect to inclimate weather, our practice is not to make a call on cancellations due to poor weather until the day-of to give Mother Nature every possible opportunity to change her mind. We'll cancel any ride by 3pm that day and send out notifications on our usual communication platforms (Instagram, Reddit, email, web). 

Thanks for riding! Feel free to invite a friend and we’ll see you Wednesday!
