---
layout: post
title: 2024-10-30 | The Sixth Sense Ride
date: 2024-10-27
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Malcolm X Memorial Park, SE corner, 51st & Larchwood
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/pscmHiwv7r9fPUkc6
end_location: Craft Hall, 901 N Delaware Ave
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/tUdNqK3SorYtGUvN9
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 9.4 miles, flat (+100 ft / -200 ft)
difficulty_description: Standard
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/48847135
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/48847135.gpx?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/1931816125
route_image: 2024-10-30_route.png
---

This week, we'll tour nearly all of the notable Philadelphia filming locations for M. Night Shyamalan's The Sixth Sense, released 25 year ago. While it's always a good idea to look at the route before the ride, this route is extra informative - it includes info and photos for all of the filming locations. We'll end at Craft Hall on the Delaware River Trail. Halloween costumes are very welcome and encouraged, but not required.

Special ride notes:

* We'll be riding on the sidewalk along St Albans Place so we can experience the unique block where Cole's house is located in the film. Please use caution.
* We plan to regroup in Rittenhouse Square.
* Be advised there are two small loops on this route, one to pass Malcolm's house on posh Delancey St, the other to pass St Augustine's church with its iconic red door.
* It's not lost on us that the film includes the death of a cyclist. Please ride safely, stop at lights, and avoid conflict with drivers.

As usual, we'll ride according to our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride). Please follow these ride norms so everyone's on the same page, and we keep the ride safe and fun. We'd like to highlight:

Stop at lights. Please, please DO NOT block intersections contrary to the traffic light. Our group can be very large and extended, and holding traffic risks serious conflict. If the light turns red, please stop.

Roll past conflict. Whether it's angry motorists or unruly pedestrians, please do not engage with conflict and move on in a way that de-escalates the situation.

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join a Wednesday Night Ride, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

We're always looking for new ride leaders, volunteers, and organizers. If you'd like to get more involved, drop us a DM! 

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
