---
layout: post
title: 2024-11-27 | Friendsgiving Ride
date: 2024-11-24
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Resurrection Philadelphia, Woodland Annex, 401 S 42nd St
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/nTCUaLeFYhzpFZHU6
end_location: Resurrection Philadelphia, Woodland Annex, 401 S 42nd St
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/nTCUaLeFYhzpFZHU6
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 7.8 miles, mostly flat (+202 ft / -196 ft)
difficulty_description: Standard
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49105410
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49105410?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/1963576405 
route_image: 2024-11-27_route.png
---

In case you were wondering, yes(!) we will have a ride on Thanksgiving Eve, November 27, 2024. If you’re around, we’re planning a special ride that ends with a shared meal. If you have friends and family visiting, feel free to invite them!

This only really works to the extent that you all bring something to share! The ride will start and end at Resurrection Philadelphia’s Woodland Annex at 401 S 42nd St (42nd and Pine). You can drop off your food and drink starting at 6pm. All food (entrees, apps, snacks, sweets) and drink (including alcoholic) are welcome. We’ll be buying some hoagies to fill out the table but not necessarily to make sure there’s enough for everyone, so your contributions are appreciated! But if you can’t bring food or drink, please don’t let that stop you from coming. 

We are accepting voluntary contributions to help pay for the hoagies and plates/silverware, so a suggested donation of $5 to [@peterskim12 (last 4 digits 8621) on Venmo](https://venmo.com/u/peterskim12) would be greatly appreciated! Any excess contributions will go into our sticker/swag fund. 

One of our organizers, Jo Noonan will be leading us on this 8 mile jaunt through West Philly.

Special ride notes:

* After dark, PA law requires all bikes to have a headlight and a red tail light or reflector. Need lights for the winter? Hit up your local bike shop.
* Watch out for trolley tracks! 

As usual, we'll ride according to our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride). Please follow these ride norms so everyone's on the same page, and we keep the ride safe and fun. We'd like to highlight:

Stop at lights. Please, please DO NOT block intersections contrary to the traffic light. Our group can be very large and extended, and holding traffic risks serious conflict. If the light turns red, please stop.

Roll past conflict. Whether it's angry motorists or unruly pedestrians, please do not engage with conflict and move on in a way that de-escalates the situation.

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join a Wednesday Night Ride, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

We're always looking for new ride leaders, volunteers, and organizers. If you'd like to get more involved, drop us a DM! We’re specifically looking to fill out our ride schedule for early 2025; if you’re interested in leading a ride, we’ll work with you to make it happen!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
