---
layout: post
title: 2025-06-25 | Happy Pride Month!
date: 2025-06-24
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: We Are Universal mural at Frankford Ave. & Thompson St.
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/XAk1g8FaAZjUxnnk9
end_location: Tavern on Camac, 243 S. Camac St.
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/dZKgqei79HcgMCwNA
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 9.5 miles, flat (+78 ft, -59ft)
difficulty_description: Easy, paved with the usual city road challenges. The heat may be a challenge some some riders.
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/51408542
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/51408542?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2354212699
route_image: 2025-06-25_route.png
---

For our first ever Pride Ride, veteran ride leader Alexa R. will take us to a number of sites  that are notable in Philly's LGBTQ+ history. Starting at the "We Are Universal" mural in Fishtown, described by artist Kah Yangni as "a celebration of trans joy and trans existence", we'll roll past the Arch Street Meeting House, Philly AIDS Thrift at Giovanni's Room, the "We Are Youth" mural by Keith Haring, Rittenhouse Square, the site of Dewey's Restaurant, Attic Youth Center, and through the Gayborhood to Tavern on Camac / U Bar.

It's going to be HOT so you'll want to bring plenty of water.

Please take the time to read our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride) for our ride practices. Here are a few that are especially important to keep everyone safe:

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join Wednesday Night Rides, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

**Want to lead a ride in 2025?** We're looking for ride leaders for July, August, and later in the year. Let us know if you're interested! Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
