---
layout: post
title: 2025-03-19 | Baseball Murals
date: 2025-03-18
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Parkside Ave. & Belmont Ave. (NE corner)
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/EsC5y5Ejd2xuycXv7
end_location: Cartesian Brewing, 1326 E. Passyunk Ave.
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/u8BXSdML8g3rMzgR9
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 7.4 miles, flat (+69ft / -162ft)
difficulty_description: Standard
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49994123
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49994123?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2105111983
route_image: 2025-03-19_route.png
---

Spring training is underway, and opening day is right around the corner! To celebrate our Phillies, we have a special tour for you: Three Baseball Murals Inside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (but not the one in Fishtown). WNR regular Michael N. will lead us on a ride from West Philly to South Philly via the Schuylkill River Trail. After a brief stop at the final billboard, we'll end at the familiar Cartesian Brewing. 

Special ride notes:

* After dark, PA law requires all bikes to have a headlight and a red tail light or reflector. 
* There are sections of trolley tracks on the route - use caution.
* We ride for fun--while encountering nasty drivers is often unavoidable, our practice is to avoid conflict as much as possible. When there's potential for conflict, please pull over to the side to let cars go instead of engaging in confrontation with drivers. 
* No food available at Cartesian at this hour, so feel free to bring your own food.

Our next ride on April 2 will be our rescheduled jaunt to Attic Brewing.

As usual, we'll ride according to our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride). Please follow these ride norms so everyone's on the same page, and we keep the ride safe and fun. We'd like to highlight:

Stop at lights. Please, please DO NOT block intersections contrary to the traffic light. Our group can be very large and extended, and holding traffic risks serious conflict. If the light turns red, please stop.

Roll past conflict. Whether it's angry motorists or unruly pedestrians, please do not engage with conflict and move on in a way that de-escalates the situation.

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join a Wednesday Night Ride, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

**Want to lead a ride in 2025?** We're looking for ride leaders for May and June (and later in the year, too). Let us know if you're interested! Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
