---
layout: post
title: 2025-05-14 | Ben's Grave & Bridge
date: 2025-05-13
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: NE Corner of Arch St and N 5th St
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/BwxHfeFyCXKT8pfs6
end_location: Yards Brewing Company
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/c1UREK4oMjcPAuw16
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 7.4 miles, some hills (+125ft / -125ft)
difficulty_description: Standard with incline/decline on bridge
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/50647839
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/50647839?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2238831677
route_image: 2025-05-14_route.png
---

For this week's ride, we will start at Ben Franklin's grave, cross the Ben Franklin Bridge into New Jersey, enjoy scenic views of the skyline over the Delaware River from Camden, and return to Philadelphia the only free way possible--back on the Ben Franklin Bridge. Back in PA, the ride will loop around itself underground as we catch the 5th Street Tunnel north before ending at Yards (if only they still had Poor Richard's ale available--it was inspired by Ben Franklin's recipe).

Please take the time to read our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride) for our ride practices. Here are a few that are especially important to keep everyone safe:

* Be mindful of pedestrians as we ride across the Ben Franklin Bridge. 
* Please ride carefully on the downhill off the bridge. 
* **We stop at red lights.** This may be different from other group rides you've been on; it's important to not expect other riders or a ride marshal to hold traffic at intersections. Hanging out at a red light is a great chance to talk with your friends, make new ones, or just look around at the city.
* **We ride for fun.** While encountering nasty drivers is often unavoidable, our practice is to avoid conflict as much as possible. When there's potential for conflict, please pull over to the side to let cars go instead of engaging in confrontation with drivers.
* **Brings lights.** After dark, PA law requires all bikes to have a headlight and a red tail light or reflector.


Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join a Wednesday Night Ride, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

**Want to lead a ride in 2025?** We're looking for ride leaders for July, August, and later in the year. Let us know if you're interested! Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
