---
layout: post
title: 2025-10-01 | Borksi Park
date: 2025-09-29
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Borski Park
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/DhZAVc5T6MxNrBbdA
end_location: Wissahickon Brewing Company, American and Oxford St
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/pbduWbuaYPGEKAQv5
end_location_indoor_seating_only: true
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 7 miles, flat
difficulty_description: Standard
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/52783939
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/52783939?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2606842601
route_image: 2025-10-01_route.png
---

Our ride this week starts at the new Borski Park in the Riverwards neighborhood of Bridesburg. This ride was conceived by regular rider & marshal Daniel P, and will be led by co-organizer Stefan Z. From Borski Park, we'll ride a section of the Port Richmond Trail, regroup in Campbell Square, wiggle along a section of the DRT under I-95, and then take (freshly repaved!) Huntingdon St over to the American St bikeway. At the end of the ride, we'll stop at Wissahickon Brewing's new Kensington outpost (American & Oxford Streets).

Please take the time to read our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride) for our ride practices. Here are a few that are especially important to keep everyone safe:

* Getting to Borski Park - there are of course many ways to get to Borski Park, but if you're coming from points south, here's [a route from Penn Treaty Park to Borski Park](https://ridewithgps.com/routes/52853266) that you may find useful. As another option, the Bridesburg SEPTA station is about 2 miles from Borski Park if you want to take regional rail.
* After dark, PA law requires a headlight and a red tail light or reflector on all bikes.
* We ride for fun--while we sometimes encounter hostile drivers, our practice is to avoid conflict as much as possible. When there's conflict, please pull over to the side to let cars pass instead of confronting drivers.

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join Wednesday Night Rides, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

We're always looking for new folks to lead our rides! Reach out to us if you're interested and we'd love to help you create your dream route. Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.

