---
layout: post
title: 2025-06-11 | Happy 4th Birthday, WNR!
date: 2029-06-10
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Boathouse at FDR Park
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/n1AfxpHWe2t56mPg8
end_location: Philadium, 1631 Packer Ave.
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/okHcG3TUrQr9qTGz6
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 8.3 miles, mostly flat (+39ft, -45ft)
difficulty_description: Easy; mostly paved with a few rough spots, and some very short packed gravel sections. This route can be ridden on any bike!
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/51174723
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/51174723?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2313298564
route_image: 2025-06-11_route.png
---

It's our birthday, and you are cordiallly invited to celebrate four years of exploring our city together on bikes with a fun jaunt through FDR Park and the Navy Yard! Long-time Wednesday Night Rider Aaron R. has designed a route that takes us on the FDR loop, down the new-ish Broad Street bike path to the Navy Yard, through some sections that we haven't previously explored together. We're excited to share the ride with you! We'll end with a gathering at Philadium on Packer Ave.

If you are unable to ride to the start point, we recommend taking the Broad Street Line to NRG station, which is right across the street from FDR Park.

Please take the time to read our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride) for our ride practices. Here are a few that are especially important to keep everyone safe:

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join Wednesday Night Rides, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

**Want to lead a ride in 2025?** We're looking for ride leaders for July, August, and later in the year. Let us know if you're interested! Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
