---
layout: post
title: 2025-04-02 | North Philly Jaunt
date: 2025-03-31
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Norris Square Park (meet in the middle of the park)
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/C8jai2gQMcYNVbNh6
end_location: Attic Brewing Company (137 Berkley St)  
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/kNLnhCi7csY9qiA26
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 4.7 miles, flat (+151ft / -48ft)  
difficulty_description: Standard
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49794365
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/49794365?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2075470760
route_image: 2025-03-05_route.png
---

This Wednesday, rescheduled from Mar 5 when it was canceled for rain, we'll be doing a short 5 miler from Norris Square Park to [Attic Brewing](https://www.atticbrewing.com/) in Germantown. While Attic doesn't serve food, there will be a food truck outdoors along with Deke's BBQ next door. There's a small bike rack outside, but Attic is graciously accommodating our group by allowing us to park our bike in their beer garden in the back. 

We'll have groups of people going home in different directions from the brewery, so ask around to find people to ride home with! If you're headed back towards Center City, another option is to take SEPTA Regional Rail from Wayne Junction which is just 1 block from Attic Brewing. Wayne Junction is a connection point for five different rail lines so you likely won't have to wait more than about 10 minutes for the next train. 

Special ride notes:

* After dark, PA law requires all bikes to have a headlight and a red tail light or reflector. 
* There's currently a chance of rain forecasted for Wednesday night; our practice is not to make a call on weather until the day-of to give Mother Nature every possible opportunity to change her mind. We'll cancel any ride by 3pm that day, so please check your email or Instagram account for cancellation notices.
* We ride for fun--while encountering nasty drivers is often unavoidable, our practice is to avoid conflict as much as possible. When there's potential for conflict, please pull over to the side to let cars go instead of engaging in confrontation with drivers. 

As usual, we'll ride according to our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride). Please follow these ride norms so everyone's on the same page, and we keep the ride safe and fun. We'd like to highlight:

Stop at lights. Please, please DO NOT block intersections contrary to the traffic light. Our group can be very large and extended, and holding traffic risks serious conflict. If the light turns red, please stop.

Roll past conflict. Whether it's angry motorists or unruly pedestrians, please do not engage with conflict and move on in a way that de-escalates the situation.

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join a Wednesday Night Ride, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

**Want to lead a ride in 2025?** We're looking for ride leaders for April, May, and June (or later in the year, too). Let us know if you're interested! Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
