---
layout: post
title: 2025-07-09 | Camden and Metal
date: 2025-07-07
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Jefferson Square Park at 3rd & Washington
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/oV5re3SB6gYESace8
end_location: DOOM, 421 N 7th St
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/uN51RwJzttcisqBy9
end_location_indoor_seating_only: false
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 9.2 miles, some hills (elevation on the route link is wrong, bridge is a 6% grade) 
difficulty_description: Standard
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/51561216
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/51561216?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2385521140
route_image: 2025-07-09_route.png
---

First-time ride leader Jessica G. will take us over the Ben Franklin Bridge to roll through Cramer Hill Waterfront Park in Camden, NJ. We can catch some sweet views of Philly and the shores of the Delaware while we fill our nostrils with the scents of wildflowers. Swimmers in our crew may want to note the most affordable, best pool + workout facility within biking distance of Philly at Camden’s [Kroc Center](https://easternusa.salvationarmy.org/camden-kroc/)—-what normally brings Jessica to this spot in Camden.  

We’ll make our way back to Philly over the Ben Franklin Bridge. Once back on this side, we’ll take our iron steeds underground through the 5th Street Tunnel north before ending at Doom. It’s (their first?) karaoke night so have a metal song up your sleeve if you’re into that sort of thing (hair metal 100% counts). Metal theme welcome but not at all necessary for a good time. 

Please take the time to read our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride) for our ride practices. Here are a few that are especially important to keep everyone safe:

* Be mindful of pedestrians as we ride across the Ben Franklin Bridge.
* Ride safely and in control on the bridge descents (6% grade at steepest).
* There's some chance of rain Wednesday and since it's the summer, short bursts of rain are unpredictable! We aim to make a call on weather by 3p the day of the ride. If we don't make an announcement that the ride is canceled on Instagram, Bluesky, and/or email, the ride is still on!

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join Wednesday Night Rides, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

**Want to lead a ride in 2025?** We're looking for ride leaders for August, September, and later in the year. Let us know if you're interested! Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
