---
layout: post
title: 2026-03-18 | We Can Do Better Than These Bike Lanes
date: 2026-03-16
categories: ["rides"]
start_location: Clark Park (43rd & Baltimore)
start_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/8DqhBwjySd544FAj6
end_location: Second District Brewing, 1939 S. Bancroft St.
end_location_link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/k2LX5mWcAbbGg5mp6
end_location_indoor_seating_only: true
start_time: 7pm
roll_time: 7:10pm
length_description: 6.2 miles, flat (+135ft / -167ft)
difficulty_description: Standard
ride_with_gps_link: https://ridewithgps.com/trips/371076061
gpx_link: https://ridewithgps.com/trips/371076061?sub_format=track
komoot_link: https://www.komoot.com/tour/2830760191
route_image: 2026-03-18_route.jpg
---

This week, on our last ride of official winter, we'll travel on painted bike lanes and "sharrow" streets in West and South Philly (with a brief jaunt on Philly's gem, the Schuylkill River Trail), a route originally designed and led by Jordan T. back in November '22. 

Next month, we will be touring Philly's Third District via its parking-protected bike infrastructure. These two rides will highlight the contrast between "better than nothing" bike infrastructure, and safer, more thoughtful bike lanes and separated trails. We'll end at Second District Brewing in South Philly.

Special ride notes:

* On the Schuylkill River Trail, pedestrians have the right of way. Please ride with caution and respect for all trail users!


As usual, we'll ride according to our [How We Ride guide](/how-we-ride). Please follow these ride norms so everyone's on the same page, and we keep the ride safe and fun. We'd like to highlight:

Stop at lights. Please, please DO NOT block intersections contrary to the traffic light. Our group can be very large and extended, and holding traffic risks serious conflict. If the light turns red, please stop.

Roll past conflict. Whether it's angry motorists or unruly pedestrians, please do not engage with conflict and move on in a way that de-escalates the situation.

Finally, a reminder of risks and responsibilities. You don’t need to sign a waiver to join a Wednesday Night Ride, because it’s an entirely voluntary & free group activity. But please keep in mind:

* Everyone rides at their own risk.
* Every rider is responsible for themselves, their behavior, and their bike.
* Keep your bike properly maintained. Here’s a link to a [basic bike check](https://bikepgh.org/2017/03/09/bike-video-abc-quick-check/).
* Cycling has inherent risks–you could crash, fall down, or get hit by a car, and get hurt or even killed–though we try to minimize these risks.
* If you have a health condition that could affect your ride or put you at additional risk, consider a) checking in with a doctor, b) letting us or a friend know, c) having a backup plan to get home if riding doesn’t work out.
* We always plan to have a sweeper, but can’t rule out that you could get lost, or that your bike could break down and you’ll need to find another way home.

**Want to lead a ride in 2026?** We're looking for ride leaders. Let us know if you're interested! Our only criteria for leading a ride is that you've joined us before. You don't need to have prior group ride lead experience or come up with the whole route on your own, we can help with that!

Thanks for riding! See you Wednesday.
